Name or registered email

Password to enter

New password (optional)

Email to create account

Your username

Name or email to search

Free text

Warning: be careful not to use your password for important networks (low security)

Spanish

Web + Soft

No internet connection error

Reg:

Mod:

Act:

Jan

Feb

Sea

Apr

may

Jun

Jul

Aug

Sep

Oct

Nov

Dec

Aries

Taurus

Gemini

Cancer

Leo

Virgo

Libra

Scorpio

Sagittarius

Capricorn

Aquarium

Pisces

Everyone

Only with long texts

Only recently active

Of all the world

Warning You must be logged in to auto-search

Family

Farmer

Cook

Craftsman

Miner

blacksmith

Doctor

Leader

Defender

Warrior

Planer

Magician

Priest

Artist

Athlete

Clown

Companion

Businessman

Cleaner

Hippie

Tamer

Pilot

Delivery courier

Writer

Engineer

Architect

Assassin

Scientific

Roles

Zones

Emotions

Zodiac

Fem

Wat

Gro

Air

Bad

Neu

Goo

Pro

Average

Official

Record

Weekly:

Total:

Warning You must be logged in to make an official simulation

North America (Canada)

North America (USA)

North America (Mexico)

South America (Colombia)

South America (Brazil)

South America (Argentina)

Europe (Spain)

Europe (England)

Europe (Germany)

Europe (Russia)

East (Arabia)

East (India)

East (China)

Africa (Egypt)

Africa (Congo)

Africa (South Africa)

Oceania (Australia)

North America

South America

Europe

East

Africa

World (All)

Defend your country, don't leave

Attack a random country

Attack the strongest country

Attack the weakest country

Attack the nearest country

Stay in group, follow group

Follow another random citizen

Unknown Error

Server Connection Error

Server database error

Error App version is inappropriate

Error Insufficient parameters

Server Request Error

Warning Username already exists

Warning What you were looking for was not found

Warning You must edit once every hour

Success Registered, check your mail

Warning Please enter a valid email or name

Warning The password must be at least 6 characters long

Success Updated information

Warning Please update the data in the flag tab

About DelRow

Login and Register

Data treatment

Profile Icons

Profile Edition

Profile Search

Family home)

Crop (Farmer)

Bakery (Cook)

Tailoring (Craftsman)

Mine (Miner)

Metalwork (Blacksmith)

Hospital (Doctor)

Forum (Leader)

Tower (Defender)

Barracks (Warrior)

Cemetery (Cepulturero)

Ritual (Wizard)

Temple (Priest)

Conservatory (Artist)

Gym (Athlete)

Games (Clown)

Motel (Companion)

Market (Trader)

Trash (Cleaner)

Park (Hippie)

Cattery (Tamer)

Port (Pilot)

Messenger (Messenger)

Library (Writer)

Turbine (Engineer)

Building (Architect)

Bar (Killer)

Scientific laboratory)

Behavior Part 1

Behavior Part 2

Statistics Update

General Statistics

Statistics Data

War Icons

War Buttons

Custom War

Command Simulator

Units Simulator

Simulator Centers

About This Book

Interactive software created by Omar Jordán (Omwekiatl), Colombia 2021 (v $). Virtual community that feeds a world war simulation, you can: - Customize your avatar. - Express something verbatim. - Search for other profiles. - Select the world zone that it supports. - Choose your role in society. - Choose a mode of behavior. - View the current war status and statistics. This version for PC has the simulation engine, with advanced parameters. Official language: Spanish.

To register use an email, which will receive a password. To log in, use the email with which you registered or the username; When registering you will see a random username and password in your email, these can be changed. The third bar of the login is to put a new password, in case you want to change the previous one, be careful, Do not use important passwords. If you don't remember your password, please sign in again to get a random one. Shift + Delete: clean text line.

Your information will not be sold or shared with third parties, nor will it be used to promote advertising, but the global statistics of the community can be seen publicly, that's what this is about. Your Password is encrypted, but be careful. You can express what you want in your profile, there is no censorship or prohibition, so it is not a system suitable for minors or sensitive people; we still trust your ethics (be good creep).

About Image: Name / Zone / Role. Image: Building (Role) / Ávatar / Zodiac. Under Image: Free Text, Behavior. Bottom left, dates of: - Registration in the system. - Modification of profile. - Last time active. Bottom right buttons: - Close session (log out). - Edit profile (1 time every hour).

- Modify your name (it must be unique). - Modify the zone it supports. - Modify avatar with the green arrows. - Write something (reddish background indicates vast). - Modify the behavior. Bottom right buttons: - Green: cancel editing. - Red: accept and send changes. Shift + Delete: clean text line. You can copy and paste (Ctrl + C) (Ctrl + V).

You can search for a user profile if it has their name or email, write it down and click the magnifying glass; or press the stick if you are looking for your own profile. The random search allows you to filter by: - ​​Zone. - Profiles with vast text. - Active for less than a week. Hit the dice to search. Once in a profile, there are two buttons to: - Do another search. - Take a screenshot (png).

Everyone can have a job and a home with children, well not here, it turns out that this role represents those who live for their family, their home, raise and educate their offspring; they live in a comfortable house and associate with a partner who professes the same interest; perhaps it is the oldest and most natural role. They are basic units, their abilities and parameters are those that a world without roles would have, but ... they carry half a seed, and when two of this same role meet, they will grow into a spawn, which will grow and become one more inhabitant.

They are the basis of the subsistence of a town or city, without food doubtfully the population is happy, or alive ... they are usually found in green and vast fields, with wells to extract underground water, and surrounded by vegetables such as: oats , banana, corn, beans, quinoa, cocoa, peanuts, wheat. In the battle they have a food aura, therefore they give food to the allies; Units fed by being more encouraged attack faster which gives them an advantage; but it is raw food, so its effect does not last long, they must remain in the aura.

Who does not love the smell of hot bread, or any freshly made food, because evoking that feeling is the job of this role, and okay, also feeding ... he is in charge of turning the harvest into a nutritious delicacy, his specialty is: oats with cinnamon, banana cake, corn arepa, bean burger, quinoa cookies, chocolate dessert, dried fruit cake. Feed one ally at a time, that is, each time he executes his special ability; Units fed by being more encouraged attack faster which gives them an advantage; the effect of this good food lasts a long time.

A lot of skill in the hands, patience and the necessary ideas to transform a piece of material into ... a more valuable material; be it making clothes to wear, wear and protect from the cold, dance shoes, furniture to visit or sleep dreaming of a world without wars, they will do it. Every time his special ability is triggered, he will dress an allied unit in a cool shockproof cape, this gives the unit armor that is worn down by hits received.

These moles from the bowels of the earth extract the raw material for all manufacturing activities, they do not care about the noise of the crushing machines or breathe the dense underground air, that if, tirelessly they seek to find the gold, the diamond, the adamantium to get a ring or tooth. They are good at the siege, they can knock down the enemy urban center as if it were just another fragile stone, they also collect the valuable in their sieges to repair their own urban center.

This rough-handed citizen does not bother with the heat of the foundry, he remains there transforming raw minerals into everyday artifacts such as: pots, glasses, pedestals, bars, and all kinds of iron twists; Among them the occasional machete, sword, battle ax ... Every so often he creates an extra weapon and gives it to an ally, the units with this additional weapon have more attack, but not everything is perfect, so sooner or later and with some bad luck the weapon will break.

Health, the main thing for living and even more for good living; This role is in charge of ensuring the welfare of their own; Before reaching the end of a surgery or consuming strong chemicals, they try to spread good habits such as: hydrate well, exercise (flexibility + cardio), be happy and without stress, eat balanced without fats, or sugars and few meats, breathe deeply , sleep well, and occasionally a fast with healing spices. And well, simulation-wise, they heal allies, be it physical damage or viral infections.

There have always been those inhabitants who have a voice of command, hyperactivity to carry out projects and a strong sense of honor and altruism, this role offers in society the ability to group and direct ideas, projects, initiatives, protests; To do this, he must listen to others, open discussion forums, put order and, most importantly, set an example. Regardless of the behavior of other allies, this role persuades them to follow it, thus assembling a small group, in this way you will not go alone, another advantage of this is that the members will synchronize when responding to an attack on one of they.

He is the equivalent of a policeman, his specialty is protection so he carries a large shield, rather than going to war his mission is to put order within a society, making people feel safe, neutralizing any threat. It is the most resistant unit, that is its ability; On the other hand, it provides a tower as a building, it shoots at the enemy, but it is slower than the campaign towers made directly in the war field, even so the latter are easily demolished compared to the internal one. Resistant to attacks by criminals and explosives.

It is the equivalent of a military man, this is a brutal warrior who goes out to the battlefield with a thirst for blood, destroying the enemy. Maybe you are thinking that in a war game what sense will the other roles have, well there is a balance, do not be fooled, all roles have advantages and disadvantages, and the community expresses itself with everyone as a matter of taste ... but yes , this is distinguished by being the one with the highest attack (passive ability).

He is a rarity, like a raven, with melancholy and deep thought he has seen many burials, many tears, many endings; They are usually solitary and meditative entities, their role is to give rest and lodging to the deceased; death, the greatest mystery in life, this role is constantly lived and is good for giving advice to the mourners. When he kills an enemy on the battlefield, he recovers life points, as if it were a vampire.

Being a stranger who is dedicated to the arcane arts, to the mystical, to witchcraft, for the same reason he is usually silent about what he knows, it is said that he spends more time traveling in his dreams and meditation than in life itself; He tries to carry out the great alchemical work, scrutinizes the secrets of the cosmos and has talks with the most diverse entities. When dying it becomes a spectrum that follows the enemy giving him bad luck in his attacks, this is an aura effect, so it affects several at the same time; in life it can hardly be converted by priests.

It has a temple to which it dedicates its devotion for life, this temple in turn symbolizes a god of the several that there are, some older than others, some more forgotten and others more fashionable; he watches over the morale of society, weighing its emotional burdens with the promise of supreme help. Its function is to ideologically convert a unit, which means that it can make an enemy ally, but this is a probability with a single attempt, which can be affected by luck effects, for example: it will have a low chance before the curse of a specter.

Music, painting, sculpture, singing, acting ... very diverse and beautiful is the range of art and its infinite manifestation, this role undoubtedly captures dreams and nightmares on paper and sound, every society needs to express itself, this is the most transcendental. In battle he will carry a guitar, which will polarize the air with inspiration, giving better luck to the attacks of the allies; even so, this effect is temporary, so it requires the constant presence of the aura.

A very energetic, flexible, strong, tireless, dexterous being, who only lives to be in his gym or traveling the world without stopping, he loves to compete and feel that he is better and better than himself and others; His only goal is to break goals, he enjoys unmatched health but is at the mercy of multiple injuries. He runs and nothing faster than anyone else, which gives him great mobility on the battlefield, he also has the ability to deliver a great blow the first time he attacks, like a lunge with his accumulated inertia.

Games of chance, Chess, Chinese checkers, ladder, Parks, Poker, Uno, Magic, charades and much more, that you find here, in the building of this friendly, outgoing and happy character; There is definitely nothing like leisure and laughter, but watch out, you get addicted hahaha. All a Russian roulette, this role carries with it a high-powered bomb with which it can detach the meat from the bone, from itself, from its allies and of course from the enemy; the explosion is random when it takes damage.

A healthy society expresses its sexuality without taboos or extreme moralities, here this role offers a place for erotic games, either with a reproductive spirit or better yet for leisure; And as if that were not enough, it provides its services as a special company (with freedom of choice). Pick just one ally and light them up, giving them more hit points, attack points, and immunity to the effects of other roles; This will follow and when one of the two dies, the link with its benefits is broken forever; the enlightened ally's weakness is its basic companion.

Products made by manufacturing need to be sold, marketed, that is the function of this role, which also knows how to make good trade-offs because of its charisma because there is not always money in difficult times; his building is a hobby for those looking for little-needed gadgets; he is an expert in making fortunes, he extracts coins from where there are none. You can take enemy weapons and capes and keep them, or give them to an ally; it basically turns enemy manufacturing into goods for allies.

He has an obsession to see everything clean, he cares a lot about the disposal of waste, his motto is Reduce, Reuse, Recycle; Because this helps to reduce pollution; he likes to see the trash cans sorted by Paper, Plastics, Electronics and Organic, as this reduces the work in his building; he also mows the lawn. The war leaves many decomposed corpses, a whole mess, this role gains a little life with each corpse it processes.

A city needs parks and natural reserves, for the enjoyment, recreation and connection with the fauna and flora; This being protects these spaces and right there leads a life a little detached from the city; his blood has a certain dose of hallucinogenic mushrooms. He can, under the pressure of peaceful protest, take away their role from enemies, stripping them of their special ability, this he does one by one each time he activates his ability.

The human relationship with other beings in nature is ancient, such as pack animals, hunting, companionship, consumption; This role raises dogs and tames and trains them, so that they serve as a company to all kinds of people, we all know that there are those who even see them as family members. When he sees an enemy, he can call only a dog to help him fight, this entity will always follow him, has less attack and life than a human and usually dies of moral pain if its owner dies.

We live in a physical world, with distances that separate all points, transporting something or someone from A to B has always been an optimization challenge, the balloon or airships have been the optimal flying vehicle; in this building they provide their services to cross long distances. Give balloons to the allies when they are in the water, in this way they can reach the destination faster, on land the balloon descends; It should be emphasized that aquatic combat gives an advantage to those who go in a balloon.

You want to express something to someone, an emotion, idea or business, but it is far away, well this role and building allow you to leave that message in expert hands, as if the telegraph existed. Strategic, if its behavior is to defend: it will persuade defending allies to attack the neighboring enemy, without neglecting defense; if their behavior is to follow someone: it will encourage allies to defend the vulnerable center or rather those who defend attack in groups; for other behavior: it will make allies behave like him. Upon reaching an enemy center, just once, will he move a unit in the creation queue from that center to his own.

A mixture of teacher and artist, since he likes to teach and transmit knowledge, and he also likes to write real or unreal things; its building is full of books, of all subjects, science, literature, spirituality, biographies, history, philosophy, lifestyle, etc. Give best luck to allied attacks, hitting one at a time; this buff is very long-lasting and has high critical strike chances, because knowledge is power.

It offers energy, fire management is long gone, what is new is the domain of lightning (at least for this simulated time), wind turbines offer clean energy for everyone, and what to do with it? Well, a dream of humanity has been to create a homunculus, a golem; Let's make a tin one with artificial intelligence. Create a robot, it has a limited life time due to its batteries, but any ally with this role can replace them; giant but does not attack, still it is a resistant decoy and a tower demolition par excellence; it weakens with water, it behaves like someone who programmed or re-programmed it.

What would a society be without buildings, be it a hut or a skyscraper, this being creates the largest and most dense of a city, without forgetting that its goal is to offer comfort, functionality, optimization and less environmental impact; provides a building for several citizens to live. On the battlefield you can put a campaign tower that shoots at the enemy, it is not attacked by the citizens due to its toughness; Instead of making a new one you can level up an existing one.

Not everyone who lives in society works to improve it, there are those who for personal reasons create conflicts, thieves, murderers, gangsters, they are difficult subjects and are usually found at night, drinking beer mixing with honest citizens. From time to time they attack their allies treacherously, it is usually a strong blow for being surprise; there is a small chance of receiving damage back, in general this role is chosen by whoever wishes to sabotage the area from within.

It is said that these subjects are crazy, they scrutinize everything they see, from the depths of outer space, to the intimacy of molecules, their language is mathematics and their lexicon is complex; In the building they provide, many experiments are usually carried out to test hypotheses. In their flasks they have cultivated a very lethal virus, capable of killing and transmitting itself, now they use it in war to infect one enemy at a time; this attack is similar to poison, there is a chance to be healed or damaged.

Defensive: Units look for their own or allied urban center and stay close to it, when it is war for continents, they can see if a center is being besieged and go to it. Random Attack: They will choose an enemy center at random and go to it, this can create dispersion of the troops, there are also certain cases in which the destination can be recalculated. Attack the Strongest / Weakest: They target the enemy center that has the most / least amount of available units, that is, add the alive ones with the reserve ones.

Attack Neighbor: Ensures that the target enemy center is the closest to the unit that is currently looking for whom to attack. Move in Group: The centers calculate a few circles of groups, the units of said center that have this behavior, will meet in one of those circles; also in continent mode units can choose an allied circle. Follow Another Unit: An allied citizen is randomly selected to follow, but this must not be in defensive or follower behavior; Furthermore, if he does not find someone, he will tend to return to his urban center.

This software is of unhurried action, the strategies and profile edits are handled calmly, therefore, the global statistics are updated every hour, as well as the possibility of editing the profile. The changes you make will be visible in the statistics in 1 hour!

At the top you can select the area or country to observe, the selection will be reflected on the map in red. Below the map you can see: - Number of users in the area. - Percentage of females with respect to the total. - Number of active users. - Record of active users. A user is active if he was in the application in the last week.

You can change the type of data to observe for the chosen area: - Roles: users in each role. - Zones: with respect to the current zone. - Emotions: according to the faces of the avatar. - Zodiac: signs for the zone. The idea is to see the roles but not the behaviors, in this way an objective collective strategy can be made for the roles, and intuitive or external for the behavior. - The save button allows you to export data. - The camera button takes a screenshot.

Above, number of simulations: Weekly (will be cleaned) / Accumulated. You can select the area you want to observe, this will be reflected on the map in red. The first simulation of the week is the Official, with the rest being Averaged, and the Record is of all time. The data indicates the position of the zone, 1 is the best place, they can be repeated if they tie. Icons: technical score, enemies hunted, siege done, zones conquered, time alive, units available, total units, final life.

The 4 buttons at the bottom start war: 1 Demo with random data. 2 Demo with custom data. 3 Official data but of skirmish. 4 Official data and results. - Country mode / continent mode. - The camera button takes a screenshot. The custom data has the format of the file (txt) obtained in the statistics menu. The official war will be on a black screen, the results are uploaded to the server, this is to avoid ending simulations at your convenience.

Get the file (txt) as indicated for the statistics menu. In it you will see several matrices, the one that interests us is the one of (role), there you can change the values ​​according to how many units you want in each one, for each zone. The columns are the roles as you see them in the header (role). The rows are the zones, as you see them in the header (countries). Behaviors will always be random; then the (active population) defines active users, put a very high number if you want.

- Zoom in with the mouse wheel. - Move the camera with right-click. - Select entities with left-click. - Leave the simulation with Escape. - Accelerate or slow down with Up and Down Top left: general information, final speed will depend on your PC, official data or not. Upper right: general information: maximum population, living units, living entities, living entities record, total entities created. Then the best 3 according to: units available, enemies hunted, siege done, areas conquered. Finally, the positions according to vitality. Bottom left, contextual (selection).

The gender and zodiac do not affect the simulation, but if the active state, life bonuses are given. Entities can move by land or water, this last slows movement and attack; they can go towards an enemy, an ally or urban center, collisions are also detected. Every so often they will look for enemies in their range of vision and will attack if they are close, with a little randomness; also from time to time the special abilities of each role will be executed. Roles that apply effects to other units cannot be self-applied, nor do they affect allies or enemies of the same role, eg: a medic Cannot heal or heal another medic.

Each urban center has an initial population, of which it can only have a limit of living units at a time, and it will be evoking more as. The life points of each center are a base value plus the initial population, from time to time the number of nearby enemies and allies are calculated, the siege received is the difference of this with a limit. Unit roles are chosen randomly with priority, behaviors change only randomly. Each center calculates the position of a few grouping circles, it does so by searching for groupings of units, enemy centers, and enemy groups.

To navigate faster use the Left / Right keys; press Enter to navigate to a random page, Space for random role. The number in the image on the first page is the total number of registered users. Note:

Dog

USES

Mex

Cabbage

Bra

Arg

Esp

Ing

Ale

Rus

Ara

Ind

Chi

Egi

With

South

Aus

N.A

S.A

EUR

ORI

AFR

TOT

Defend

A.aza

A. was

A.déb

A.cer

Group

Segui

Family

Agri

Cooked

Art

Mine

Herr

Medi

Leader

Defe

Guer

Cepu

Magician

Sace

Arti

Depo

Paya

Acom

Eat

Clean

Hipp

Dome

Pilo

Mens

Writing

Inge

Arch

Aces

Hundred